Why did I start to care about him?
Help! What a luxury
Is the emperor a cat?
Why is it okay to walk?
The Sark Message Challenge is temporarily over
Go back if you want, okay?
Thank you emperor
Then I'm leaving.
If you have nothing to do, you can enter the palace more and move around.
Your sister misses you very much
Queen little ghost letter
This man is not easy to mess with
It's better not to get too close to him
I know you hate being the wife of the country
I've been trying to find a way to escape
Oops, you've found it all, but I think
You can do me well
You are a better fit for this position than me
When my boss told me to work hard
That's how you draw my cakes
Alright, I will try my best to do a good job of Fengqing
After all, are we friends now?
OK
Since you said so
Then I will reluctantly recognize you as a friend
Children, don't let the boss scold and laugh
He's back.
Ah dead man